Maybe this is just how I am, but I like to disregard most of the psychological stuff. Like sure with the whole inner critic thing, they say you have voices that say you are going to fail and all that but to me if you hear voices then you should see a doctor thats not normal. i guess like if you are being super metaphorical and mean just when you think you are going to fail at something well yeah that is just you looking at a situation and doing the math and saying hey I don't think i have this one. It doesn't mean you don't have to try though. like if you don't try anything because you are scared to fail then you have issues... you may want to see a doctor... again.

I have to be honest here I do not deal with this stuff very well, I have a few years of training to not think like this (army training) and I think it would surprise some people how long that stuff stays in your head.

I watched/read all the material provided on this subject yet instead of finding myself reflecting and doing yoga all of a sudden, I thought man this stuff is just psychology and that, like either you don't need this, you are a well balanced individual or you do and should go see a mental health practitioner. It had me wondering who out there provides the demand for it? this is aimed at persons in the work place, not people in a hospital. Honestly I think I have totally missed the point or something.

I felt I could get the privilege thing a little more. Like yeah that is just how the world is. it isn't even, it isn't fair, some people have it easier than others. this isn't ideal but it is just how it is. like OK if i am in that example front row i could have a better shot than those in the back row. the guy in the back has it harder but he can make it too. If I am in the back I have to work harder, It may take me more attempts to get there who knows. but that is our world right. what I don't get though is what does this change, if I am aware or not? I don't have any issues with the people sitting in the rows in front of me and i don't have anything against those in the back? the last time someone tried doing something serious about it they invented communism and well that ended in a bit of a mess right?

I have to say I doubt these are the kind of answers i would have been expected to produce but I am kind of honest and when asked to give an opinion I just do. 
